>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so exercise time for you.
Do you have to do all of these?
No, because we don't have enough time for
that.
But these are mostly to also
serve as inspiration, right?
So if you do a lot of express, you have
like, we always use this middleware, and
we always do this other stuff, right?
You can just make a snippet out of that.
Take a look at this and just grab one or
two that seem interesting,
and just give a shot.
Just again, to get the muscle memory
in there and whatever, try it out.
I'll show you a trick that I do with
the imports as maybe the one that I
choose to do at the end here.
But yeah, try a few of them out.
Whether or not you're successful,
I'm not super worried about it.
But again, get a sense of
the basic ergonomics, try it out.
>> Steve Kinney: So
like I said there, I forget how many.
There are 17 different exercises,
we're not doing all 17.
That said, there's a cheat sheet,
for whichever ones you chose.
Let's grab, one or
two interesting ones, I think there one or
two that I kinda like to use.
I'm gonna do something real fast,
ther's much of sub project in here.
So I'm gonna go into this task
one which I think has React and
stuff like that in it and
open that one up.
That way I can demonstrate
what I would like
to accomplish here and so I'm gonna do,
I think two of them that show
maybe practictical use cases here.
So again,
we'll just go to configure snippets.
Yes, sure, we'll go into this global one.
So let's do one that I
like to do a lot for
imports, and so in my code base,
we don't really export default ever.
No particular reason why.
I don't know, I'd made a decision
early days, and now we do it.
So let's say, let's do import dependency,
I don't know.
Again, just something where it's not gonna
try to auto complete as something else.
You might have if it doesn't work for
you, that's you know,
you figure something as it works.
What I to do is I'll do import.
I'll have, the braces, and
I will do the other side first.
The what you know, either library or
file I wanna import from,
and then, afterwards,
jump over over into the brace.
You're like, why hold on?
Import stuff.
Why is I'll show you.
And so you can do something like,
and now if you type in react first,
I don't know, too much talking.
Now it'll, in a sense,
will know what library and
autocomplete the other part, right?
And so it's just a lot nicer than,
because, a lot of times if you're typing
from left to right, you get to the part
where you would type and use effect.
You get no Intellisense help, and
then you type in the, react part.
This one, you jump to the end, and then
you can tab to the middle, I like a lot.
The other one I think the last
one on the list that I'm gonna
kind of just change up a tiny
bit is that TryCatch one.
Because there's usually
a little bit more that I want
to do than just a TryCatch block, right?
Sure, we'll start with that.
But what I will, generally speaking
do in this case is do something like,
only console error if we're
in development, right?
Otherwise, don't console error
if we're in production, right?
And then sometimes I will do.
>> Steve Kinney: Even with this error,
I might do.
>> Steve Kinney: If error, instance of
error that way, actually, if I'm in
TypeScript that way, it knows, because,
for some reason, error is unknown.
And so you try to do error, dot message,
TypeScript gets very angry with you,
right?
So I might do something like,
I could even combine them.
So, cool, if we are in development and
then get me the error message.
>> Steve Kinney: Why are you angry?
>> Steve Kinney: And then, after that,
I'll probably at that point, either
rethrow the error or choose then that's
where I'll put the dollar sign zero.
So now I can have a TryCatch
block where I can have the code,
which maybe I'll even default
to selected text, right?
>> Steve Kinney: And I'll get all
this extra ceremony for free, right?
I don't want that there, yeah.
So now I can do something like
>> Steve Kinney: Does anyone
remember what I called the snippets?
Just try that what I called it.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's go, hold on.
What do I call it?
Let's call it try.
Maybe I should call it cry,
that's what I should call it.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, so
now it wraps it in there.
That's got to be process.env.nodem, right?
But now I can get all that extra
ceremony that I would have done for
free, and I don't ever have
to type that all out again..
And so it's nice to take like
the conventions in your code base and
just make it super easy, right?
Cause again, every moment you're
typing that out by hand and
even like that little Boo Boo that I
made with forgetting that EMV that's
time it slows you down this time.
That's distracting you from whatever it is
you were actually supposed to be doing and
the problem you were
actually trying to solve.
So just finding, the and
part of this is again,
figuring out the patterns that
you need in your application.
And a lot of this just like building the
habit, as I said in the very beginning of
this workshop of catching yourself
in the repeated things that you do.
And so this will only log there and
catching those things and
then doing it like that.
Somebody asked during the break,
are there extensions that have
a bunch of pre-made snippets.
There are i don't use them because
i'm very particular and again,
want my stuff the way that I want it,
and I would rather build them myself.
But there are a whole bunch of these.
Just go search in the extension store for
various different options that
you can play around with.
The other thing that I don't
do in the tour of things
that I don't do that I
will tell you about,
is you can also assign
snippets to a key binding.
I personally, one I like the fact
I could start typing one, and
IntelliSense will tell me the snippet two.
I get very anxious that I'm going
to run out of keyboard shortcuts.
And then I can barely remember to
type my snippets half the time.
I don't also need some esoteric keystroke,
I will never remember that it exists.
But if you are a person who says, I would
like this, well then you can have it.
This is how you do it,
I put it on a web page for you.
You take everything we learned
about key bindings and
everything then we learned,
this is the command you're calling.
The arguments are gonna be the language
ID and the name of the snippet, right?
And then you're good to go.
Your mileage may vary.
If I had more keys on my keyboard,
maybe I would do it.
But cool, and that concludes snippets.
I said, there are more little things
you can kind of wander around,
but we got to most of the big ones.
And then like I said, there are solutions
for all of the exercises, but
watching me do that 17 times seems
not fun for anyone involved.
But especially because the ones you make
will be the ones that you need for you.